Translation corrections (#230)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/yoig_tips_001.txt

//rそして、それは赤の他人から人づてに聞いた、無責任で根拠のない噂ばかりではない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、それは赤の他人から人づてに聞いた、無責任で根拠のない噂ばかりではない。",

> 			NULL, "And they weren't all just reckless, baseless rumors heard from heresy by strangers.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And they weren't all just reckless, baseless rumors spread by total strangers.", Line_Normal);
```
